What did the doctor say about your hands?
Don't worry, I'm fine, you see.
Xiao Ai
Will protect you
Even at the cost of their lives
Thank you Mr. Yu
Don't call me Mr. Ye anymore
Just call me Chen
Good morning
Stay at the hotel with me tonight
Hotel
Don't think about it.
You see me like this
Won't do anything to you
I'm just worried that once I get home
Lin Shuang will find trouble with you again
OK
Come on.
Sorry Mr. Ye
All presidential suites on the top floor of our store
It was all booked by a VIP
What's all-inclusive?
There are still people in Haicheng who spend such a lot of money
He's a big shot from the capital
No wonder it's Mr. Sha from the capital
Master Shaxian
Chen, I just need a place to stay
There's no need for a presidential suite
I'm sorry for wasting money, Lingling.
I wronged you.
Mr. Sha, isn't this that drama girl?
Let's go, it seems that I have successfully come to open a house with a big money
Hey!